Reword A6g and remove A6g+ (#557)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

    - A6e) After releasing the puzzle, the competitor must not touch or move the puzzle until the judge has inspected the puzzle. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF). Exception: If no moves have been applied, a time penalty (+2 seconds) may be assigned instead, at the discretion of the judge.
    - A6f) The competitor must not reset the timer until the judge has recorded the result on the score sheet. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF), at the discretion of the judge.
        - A6f1) If the competitor resets the timer before the result has been completely recorded, the judge must not write down the result from memory or from video or photographic evidence, and must disqualify the attempt instead (DNF).

>     - A6g) The judge determines whether the puzzle is solved. They must not touch the puzzle before determining whether to assign a penalty for misalignment.

Reviewer: *Before determining* sounds weird to me: when judges must not touch the puzzle before determining, aren't they allowed to touch it while determining?

Reviewer 2: "...before they have determined whether..."?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - A6g) The judge determines whether the puzzle is solved. They must not touch the puzzle before they have determined whether to assign a penalty for misalignment.
```
